Combine capacity guidance for maps and slices (#97)
uber-go/guide: style.md

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

### Prefer Specifying Container Capacity

Specify container capacity where possible, as the compiler will allocate all
required memory for that capacity up front rather than potentially allocating

> it in chunks as the container grows.

Reviewer: The mention of the compiler seems a little too detailed here (since technically, most of the performance guidance affects what the compiler will do, though we don't call it out explicitly).

I also want to emphasize that it's not just that we allocate the memory in chunks (it might seem like instead of allocating 1mb, we'll allocate 5x200kb), but that we'll end up constantly resizing which increases total allocations, and also total time spent due to copies.

Perhaps:
"Specify container capacity where possible to allocate all required memory for the container up front. This avoids copies + resizing of the container as elements are added."

would replace mention of the compiler here (since it can happen at runtime for heap allocations), and the issue isn't just the chunks, but the resizing (e.g., overall more memory allocated + copies)

Author: Yeah, I think you're right. I generalized this a bit more to apply more correctly to both slices and maps (since map capacity hints don't guarantee that you'll "allocate all required memory for the container up front" obv) - not trying to be overly pedantic, just want the text to be accurate. Let me know what you think.

> #### Specifying Map Capacity

Reviewer: s/Capacity/Capacity Hint/

emphasizes that it's just a hint

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

### Prefer Specifying Container Capacity

Specify container capacity where possible in order to allocate memory for the

> container up front.  This minimizes subsequent allocations (by copying and

Reviewer: super nit: I think there's two spaces before "This"

Providing a capacity hint to `make()` tries to right-size the
map at initialization time, which reduces the need for growing
the map and allocations as elements are added to the map.

Note that, unlike slices, map capacity hints do not guarantee complete,
preemptive allocation: preallocation only occurs if the specified capacity
indicates that additional hashmap buckets will need to be allocated internally.
This means that map allocations may still occur when adding elements up to the

> specified capacity to the map. See [makemap()] for more information.

Reviewer: Should we try and keep this a little more detached from the implementation details, maybe a simpler summary such as:
"map capacity hints do not guarantee complete, preemptive allocation, but are used to approximate the number of hashmap buckets required" or something along those lines?

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

#### Specifying Slice Capacity

Where possible, provide capacity hints when initializing slices with `make()`,
particularly when appending.

```go
make([]T, length, hint)
```

Unlike maps, slice capacity is not a hint: the compiler will allocate enough
memory for the capacity of the slice as provided to `make()`, which means that

> subsequent `append()` operations will incur zero allocations (until the capacity
> of the slice needs to be expanded to hold the appended element).

Reviewer: "needs to be expanded" may be clearer by using "length == capacity" condition

```suggestion
subsequent `append()` operations will incur zero allocations (until the length
of the slice matches the capacity, which will require a resize to hold additional
elements)
```

</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

#### Specifying Slice Capacity

Where possible, provide capacity hints when initializing slices with `make()`,
particularly when appending.

```go
make([]T, length, capacity)
```

Unlike maps, slice capacity is not a hint: the compiler will allocate enough
memory for the capacity of the slice as provided to `make()`, which means that
subsequent `append()` operations will incur zero allocations (until the length

> of the slice matches the capacity, which will require a resize to hold

Reviewer: s/which will require a resize/after which any appends will require a resize/
